perf: added teak support (#29)
eduNEXT/xblock-imagesgallery: README.rst

+------------------+--------------+
| Sumac            | >= 0.6.0     |
+------------------+--------------+
| Teak             | >= 2.0.0     |
+------------------+--------------+

The settings can be changed in ``imagesgallery/settings/common.py`` or, for example, in tutor configurations.

> **NOTE**: the current ``common.py`` works with Open edX Palm, Quince, Redwood,Sumac and Teak versions.

Reviewer: I think we can remove Palm and Quince from this comment, or we could update it to say something like:
```suggestion
**NOTE**: the current ``common.py`` works with Open edX releases >= Palm.
```
So we don't have to keep adding every new release
